Pwn: Maya's Terminal Rescue

"""
Maya was doing some indepth research and stated that she discovered some
really important intel regarding Loab. Howevever, something happened and we
lost contact with her.
Our operatives are currently tracing her down, but Loab seems to have caught
on. Whatever the case is, we NEED to gain access to that information before
she finds it and wipes it from us.
We have all of Maya's login credentials, but she seems to have implemented her
own login mechanism that we can't seem to figure out.
Think you can help?

https://jerseyctf.ctfd.io/files/e8cf1d7b60c6be92fc5d616e64c98cd1/terminal_resc
ue?token=eyJ1c2VyX2lkIjo1Nzc0LCJ0ZWFtX2lkIjoxODg3LCJmaWxlX2lkIjoyMjh9.Z-kCfw.1
IRXwDyNFEYp-0FbtG5kcP6mvcs
"""

Putting the binary through your favorite reversing tool, we can see that the
code roughly does the following:

1. Prints out a password prompt
2. Checks the input one byte at a time
3. If the input byte doesn't match the correct password, return failure
4. If we checked enough bytes for the entire password, return success

What's key here is that we can utilize this as an oracle. Since the return
immediately upon failure, one would hope to find a way to distinguish when
the return occurs. Luckily for us, we can do exactly that!

By entering several characters at once and then pressing enter, getbyte
now has a backlog of bytes to get, so it will run the checking function
multiple times, and report failure every time we get it wrong. However,
if we get all of the characters correct, the checking function will
continue waiting for the next character in the password, and therefore does
not print the password prompt. So with this, we can just try all 1-byte 
passwords until we don't see the password prompt again, and then we know
that that byte is the correct first character. This gives us a way to brute
force the passwword, one character at a time.

After we brute force the password, we get a shell. The flag is located in
the same directory as we are.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
